[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>This story-- I'm
telling a story
because when we were talking
about the cities or the powers,
you have to be able to prove
to yourself that it's real.
The TM people want you to
lift off the ground, OK?
There's lots of
things you can do,
but one way or
another, you're going
to have to prove to yourself
that your mind and the reality
are interlaced.
For Jesus, he had to
turn water into wine.
He had to do it.
He had to do something.
I remember when I was first
trying to do this, because they
told me I had to try to work.
This was before I ever
went in here or anything.
And I decided I wanted to
manifest an orange in my hand.
I don't know why
it was an orange,
but that's what I wanted to do.
And I used to sit
around for hours going,
there's an orange in my hand.
There's an orange.
I know there is.
[LAUGHTER]
And there was one
time-- this is so funny.
There was one time when I was
sitting in a circle of people,
and we were meditating.
It was about 12 people.
And we were meditating.
We'd been meditating
for maybe about an hour.
And then we came out
of the meditation.
For about the last half
hour while I was in there,
I had my hands like this, going,
there's an orange in my hand.
There's an orange in my hand.
And I couldn't make
anything happen.
And we came out
of the meditation,
and I was still just
sitting here like this,
sitting here like this.
And this persona came
in from the other room
and put an orange in my hand.
So there was an orange.
[LAUGHTER]
I know.
Close.
[LAUGHTER]
But that is kind of how it is.
You see, it starts out where
we don't think that there's
any connection at all.
And then the second level
that begins to happen
is coincidence, which
is that would fall
under the coincidence level.
Like you're thinking,
gee, I'd really
like to have a certain bottle
of wine or something like that.
And then somebody walks
in with the very year
you're thinking of.
These kinds of things are--
you're thinking of somebody,
and they walk through the door.
Only when the coincidence
level really starts happening,
it starts happening a lot.
I'm sure many of you have
probably experienced this.
It just sort of starts
happening all the time.
Because that's a
level of manifestation
that you can accept.
Because it all has to
with your belief patterns
and what you can accept
and what you can't accept.
And later, the ones that
we're talking about now
is where you go directly
into it, where you directly
manifest the orange
or you don't go
have the wine bottle come in.
You take water and turn to
wine or molecular construction
transformation or whatever.
There are higher levels
than that of understanding.
But the level of turning
water into wine, for example,
is a lower level than
turning nothing into wine.
Turning one molecule
into another
is easier to do than to
have something appear out
of nowhere.
But it's still all
interrelated phenomena.
And so this was my
experience, and you
can take it for what you want.
It began-- remember
the little guy
that my alchemist teacher
turned in this guy Thoth?
Many, many years before, I
talked about [? Willis ? ]
Chipman-- he turned into
the alchemist teacher.
Didn't I say that in
the beginning part?
Well, many years went by.
I didn't see him.
And after a while,
I kind of forgot.
But I've never
forgotten his eyes.
And I just sort
of remembered him
but didn't think about
him very much anymore.
Many years went by,
one, two, five, ten.
Finally 12 years went by.
And one day, the angels
came in, and they
said that I needed to
read the Emerald Tablets.
And I never heard of the
Emerald Tablets before.
I didn't even know what
they were talking about.
And so I said, well,
what's the Emerald Tablets?
And they just looked at me and
they said, you'll find out.
And they left.
And so I went out to try
to buy the Emerald Tablets.
And I went into bookstores
and all these kinds of things
everywhere, and nobody knew
what I was talking about.
This was back in
October of 1984.
And so I exhausted
all my possibilities
of trying to find these things.
I couldn't find them.
And so I just figured, well,
I'll just leave it up to God.
If I'm supposed to read
the Emerald Tablets,
they'll fall out of
the sky or something.
And about two weeks
after they told me that,
I was at the El Prado
post office in New Mexico,
and I just had gotten my mail.
And I went outside,
and there was
a friend I hadn't seen
there for about a year
or so or maybe longer.
I drove up in this
car, and she said hi.
I said hi, and I went over
to her to talk to her,
and we're just talking
because I hadn't seen her
for about a year.
And in the course
of conversations--
she's still sitting in her car
and I was standing outside--
she sort of reaches over
and grabs this little book
and hands it to me,
says, hey, have you ever
read these things?
I look at it.
It says, "The Emerald Tablets."
[LAUGHTER]
And I said, ah!
So she loaned it to me.
And I went home.
And the first thing, I
started reading these tablets.
And they had a very
powerful effect on me
almost immediately.
And somewhere in there--
I can't remember.
It was about the
fourth tablet, I think.
It says in there that it was
written by Thoth the Atlantean.
And I really didn't
know who Thoth was.
I had read a fair
amount about Egypt,
but I had not tuned in
to this person before.
I didn't really know who it was
when I was reading the books.
And anyway, it says if
you want to contact me,
here's how you do it.
And it just says to repeat
his name three times,
which is [INAUDIBLE].
And so I sat down in
meditation and decided
it was OK because the
angels told me to do this.
So I assumed I had permission
to do these kind of things.
And so I sat down, and even
though it didn't say it,
I knew what it meant.
And so I got into
very deep meditation,
and I sat for a long time
until I felt very, very still.
And then I had my eyes closed,
and I repeated his name out
into the ethers and then waited.
And nothing happened.
I waited for a long time.
It was maybe 10 minutes
or 15 minutes or so,
and absolutely nothing happened.
And so I opened my
eyes, because I was just
going to come back
out of the meditation,
get up, and go do
something else.
But when I opened my eyes,
there was a very definite object
in front of me, the
likes of which I did not
know what it was because
I had never seen anything
quite like this before.
And it didn't fit into anything
I'd ever read or anything.
It was kind of hovering
off the-- or barely.
I don't know if it was
hovering off the ground
or if it was resting
on the ground or not.
But it was a very big
egg-shaped golden field.
It was maybe this wide and
maybe four feet or so high.
And it looked very much
or exactly like an egg
except that it was kind
of a shimmering gold,
translucent light.
And it was very powerful.
I mean, you could
see through it.
And it would be pretty
hard to miss it.
And it was about three or
four feet in front of me.
I'm just sitting
there cross-legged.
And I'm just sitting here
looking at this thing,
completely forgetting that
I had tried to get this guy
Thoth to come out.
Totally forgot about that.
I'm just sitting there
going, this is weird.
What is this thing?
Just totally in another
world thinking about this.
And I'm sitting
here looking at it,
and I've looked at it for about
three or four minutes, trying
to figure out what it was
when suddenly something
happened where my back
went really straight.
I mean, I didn't do it.
My back just went
straight on its own, which
was kind of a funny feeling.
And my arms went up
in the air like this,
and I started going like this.
[LAUGHTER]
And I wasn't doing this.
And I was going, this is weird.
[LAUGHTER]
But my when my head would go
from 180 degrees, after a while
I'd try to get a quick look in
at this egg, because I knew it
had something to do with this.
And when my head
would go this way
where I could see
it for a moment,
the egg started getting
more and more transparent.
And there was somebody in
there doing the same thing
that I was doing, only
when I would look that way,
this person would look that
way, and then our heads would--
shoo-- look like this.
And I didn't know
what was going on,
but I was just going to go
along with this thing whatever
it was because no one
else was happening.
And pretty soon, the
egg thing is gone.
And then it sort of went
away, and I put my arms down,
and here's this
little old man sitting
on my bed looking at me.
And it was the same guy
from 12 years earlier.
And inside of my head, I
said to him, oh, it's you.
Oh, great.
Because I really
liked him and always
wanted to see this guy again.
And then I realized,
oh, that's who Thoth is.
That's who this person is.
But he didn't say
anything to me at all.
He didn't answer me back.
I was talking to
him telepathically,
but there was nothing.
And it was a little different.
Like the first time
when he appeared,
my alchemist teacher
appeared, I could not resist.
I reached over and touched
him, because he looked real.
And he was solid.
But this time, he was
ever-so-slightly transparent.
I didn't have to reach over.
I knew that he wasn't
like solidly there.
But he was real
clearly sitting there.
And so after a while
or a few seconds,
I realized that he
didn't want to talk.
He just wanted to work.
And so I just looked back.
I didn't know what else to do.
So we just looked at
each other for a while.
And then after a while, the egg
kind of appeared around him,
and then it just went
away, and he was gone.
And I got real
excited after that
because something new
was happening here.
And I liked this guy, and I
wanted-- and it was real good.
And so I gotta remember
all the sequences here,
because it's a little complex.
Soon after that,
this friend of mine,
Jenny Byrd, who's a singer
around town, she came up to me
and gave me an emerald crystal,
a raw, natural emerald crystal
just out of the blue, said,
would you like an emerald?
So I looked at it,
and I thought, well,
everything comes for a reason.
So I went back to where I
meditate, and I sat down.
And to me, crystals are alive.
I mean, they're living beings.
And I learned a long time ago
how to communicate with them.
And so I sat in
there, and put it up.
I don't remember if I held
it this way or to my head.
I don't remember.
But I connected with it.
And I asked it what it knew
about the Emerald Tablets.
And all it would say over
and over and over again was,
the Emerald Tablets are
not made out of emerald.
And that was it.
And after about five
minutes of that,
I decided this was a
broken record here,
and I took it back down.
It wouldn't say any more,
just, the Emerald Tablets
are not made out of emerald.
And just kind of a
little side thing
on this thing about
crystals, to me
they're real easy
to communicate with.
They're very easy
once you open to it.
I used to give classes on
crystals a long time ago.
And one day I was in a
crystal class in San Francisco
to about 30 people.
And we were sitting
in a big circle,
and I was pulling
out all my crystals
and talking about each one.
And I was saying the same
thing, that crystals are alive.
And somebody said, well, can
you show me that they're alive?
So I never know
if can or I can't.
I don't know what--
it's up to God.
And so I thought for a moment,
and I said, well, I don't know.
And then this idea
popped in my head.
And I passed-- everybody had
a piece of paper and a pencil.
And said, OK, somebody put
a crystal out in the middle.
And so somebody just put a
crystal out in the middle,
just one at random.
Before anybody
could look at it, I
got my hands on it [INAUDIBLE]
any kind of thing like that.
I says, OK, nobody is going
to look at the crystal.
All you're doing to do
is just take it, put it
to your forehead.
You've got two seconds.
Whatever the first place
that comes to your mind
where this crystal
came from, just listen,
the first place it is.
Take it down, hand it
to the next person,
write it on a piece of
paper, and fold it up.
And it went around
the whole place.
Nobody got to sit
there and study
the crystal or anything
else like that, just-- ooh--
like this.
And then all at once
we opened them up.
I didn't know if it was
going to work, right?
We all opened up, and every
single person in the room
had exactly the same
place, which was Brazil.
Every single person.
But that's just a simple one.
I know from a lot of other
ways that communication level
with crystals is really, really,
really easy and very accurate.
So anyway, I ended up
giving that back to Jenny.
And a little while later,
I was in a crystal store.
This is now about November.
The first time when I-- the day
that I was introduced to Thoth
was November 1, 1984.
The rest of the story is going
to go until January 19, 1985.
So this is a span of
time that this is in.
And so this would have been
a few days after November 1.
I was in a store, and
I saw a twined quartz
crystal, which is just two
crystals that are like that.
That's a twined quartz.
When the crystals
are formed, they
make what is called a mistake,
which forms a second one.
I don't know if you guys
know how crystals are formed,
but it's really based
a lot on vortex energy
and the flower of
light patterns.
Crystals are-- silicon
is a tetrahedron.
And the silicon
thing fixes together
and makes a star
tetrahedron, which is a cube.
And then it makes a whole
array of these cubes
along a straight line.
And then it spins
very, very fast
and stops at the six
points of the flower's life
and goes up like this
and forms itself.
And if it spins
one way, it's male,
and if it spins the
other way, it's female.
And some of them
spin counter-rotating
when they do it, which
are both male and female.
And you can look at
the windows and tell
if a crystal is male or female.
Start with the lowest window,
and the next highest window
will either go this
way, and if it does,
the next one will be higher
and the next one will be higher
and the next one will be higher.
And you can see the rotational
energy going counterclockwise.
And that's a male.
The next windows
over in this side,
the next one will be there,
and it will go up like that.
It's a female.
And then some of them
will have low window
with two equal windows
going up like this.
It will have a double pattern.
Anyway, I had this
little twined quartz,
and it was an
extraordinary crystal.
I had never seen anything quite
like this crystal ever before.
The face on it was the perfect
octagonal like a stop sign.
I've seen three-sided,
four-sided, five-sided,
six-sided, seven-sided,
and nine-sided faces,
but I've never,
ever, ever, ever,
seen an eight-sided face
on a crystal before.
And I couldn't stand it.
I had to buy it.
I bought it.
I went home with it.
And I sat down
with this crystal.
And I don't think I'm going to
tell the whole story on this
because it's not really,
really important.
But this crystal gave
me a two-hour long,
one of the most
incredible visions
I'd ever seen in my life.
It was just nothing like
that had ever occurred.
And it was like
Akhenaten and Nefertiti
had programmed into this thing.
And their voices came through,
she led me through Egypt,
and it was this amazing thing.
I didn't know what was going on.
I still don't know why it
all happened or anything,
but it was very, very
powerful experience.
But at the very end,
Nefertiti led me
through all these temples
with this crystal.
And the very final scene
was the sun going down
and the Sphinx, which was
inside of the Great Pyramid
looking out.
And the next night, I decided
to see if I could get Thoth
back again.
And I felt this urge to do this.
And so I repeated his name.
This time I left my eyes open.
The egg appeared, this
whole stuff went on again.
And there he is
on the bed again.
Only this time,
he's ready to talk.
And Thoth is very direct.
There's no small talk
ever with this guy.
It's not true with his wife.
She'll sit there and talk
with you, but not Thoth.
He's-- booka--
right to the point.
And he comes up, and
he goes, the dream
you had last night, which is
where we where-- oh, I didn't
tell you about that part.
There's one thing in the middle.
Right after I had that
crystal [INAUDIBLE]
over there, right after
it I had this dream.
And in the dream, it was one
of these really real dreams
that we all have every one in
a while, super Technicolor,
you remember every moment in it.
And in the dream,
there was a small group
of people that came to me,
and we went into Egypt,
and we went through
this initiation
through all these
temples in there.
And until the crystal that had
happened right before then,
I had really not even thought
about Egypt that much.
I'd read about it
and things like that.
I had not contemplated
going to Egypt
or thinking along those
kinds of lines at all.
But in this dream,
we were going there,
and we were going through
all these temples,
and all these initiations
were taking place.
And then the dream seemed
to have like this hesitation
place for a while.
And then I'm going through
more pyramids and temples,
but I couldn't figure
out where I was.
And through the whole dream,
I'm going, where am I?
Where am I?
And finally, I just asked,
where am I? [LAUGHING]
[LAUGHTER]
And I the answer.
You're in Peru.
And I mean, I'll tell you.
Peru is like the last place--
well, maybe not the last,
but pretty close
to the last place
I had ever thought of going.
And then there was this
other place, separation.
I'm going through more
pyramids and realized
that I was in the Yucatan.
And so then when I
went and got Thoth back
in the second time he came
in and he starts telling me,
he says, the dream
that you just had,
which was the night
before-- I believe
it was the night before.
The dream you just
had will begin,
will happen, the whole
thing, but only if it begins.
And I said, well, what
you mean if it begins?
And he said, well, by that I
mean it has to begin in Egypt,
but you can't do anything
to make it happen.
The dream must
happen on its own.
It must begin on its own
without you doing anything.
And clarified it.
I couldn't tell anybody.
I couldn't go buy a ticket.
I couldn't do anything at.
Hold this thought into
my mind, into my heart,
and do nothing and
just end up there.
And then he left.
And after he left, I
was thinking, well,
this is a real easy one.
[LAUGHING] I just don't
have to do a thing.
I just sit here and
somehow some hijackers
are going to come along.
[LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHING] Put me in a truck
and take me to Egypt, I guess.
I didn't know what
was going to happen.
I couldn't conceive
of how I could
possibly, how that
could possibly happen.
I couldn't conceive of a
way that it could happen.
But I figured,
well, it's up to Go.
Anything's possible.
But I couldn't figure out
how it could be possible.
And a few days
later, I had already
made arrangements
to go see my parents
in California in the Bay area.
And so went there.
I was going to go
there for 10 days.
And I went there to see them.
And at the end of
the 10 days-- it
was the ninth day-- my
sister Nita was just
returning from China.
And I really love my
sister Nita a lot.
I've got four sisters and a
brother, and the rest of them,
I don't even see them.
But my sister Nita
and I are real close.
And she was actually my
mother in my last lifetime.
She knows it, I
know it, and we just
have a real close relationship.
And so I wanted to go see her.
And so on the ninth night,
I went over to see her.
And we got talking all night.
She's a real interesting person.
She has been traveling
about 10 or 11 months out
of every year for about
the last 45 years non-stop.
She had a map on
the wall one time
a long time ago where
she put a little pin
in every city she's been in.
The whole was just--
there was anywhere.
Every city is usually
like 15, 20, 30, 40 times
she's been in, everywhere.
There's no where
she hasn't been.
I remember this
one time when she
was sitting in a room
with some friends,
and this guy came in who
was another world traveler.
And they sat down and
tried to find a place
that one had not been to.
And hours went by.
They were going on.
like two hours later,
one would say, well,
have you been to da-da-da?
Yeah.
Have you been-- bluh.
[LAUGHTER]
I come back an hour later,
and they're still, well,
have you been to da-da-da?
[LAUGHTER]
And finally at the very end,
I was listening to this,
and my sister's going,
OK-- [LAUGHING]--
you go down the Amazon and
down this stuff like that.
And he goes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know where this da-da-da is?
[LAUGHTER]
And he says, and you
know this little thing
that goes up that way?
And he goes, yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Uh-huh.
And she goes away up there
to some place up there,
and he had never been there.
And it was like she
finally got him.
[LAUGHTER]
Anyway, she was had just
come back from China,
and I was sitting
in the room talking
to her about spiritual things.
That's mostly what she wants
to talk about, though I did not
tell her anything
about what Thoth-- what
was going on with me relative
to this new thing that
was happening.
I was told not to.
And sometime about 1
o'clock in the evening,
we're still going
on, and she had
a copy of "The Secret
Teachings of All Ages"
by Manly P. Hall that
was sitting on the table.
And she just flips
it open, casually,
as she's talking about
some other subject.
She you flips it open.
And there's a cross section,
like we saw up there,
of the Great Pyramid.
And the conversation
gets switched to Egypt.
And she starts telling me
about one of her adventures
over there in Egypt.
And so I'm just listening
to her on all this.
And right in the middle
of the conversation,
she stops, she
looks at me, and she
says, you've never been
to Egypt, have you?
I go, me? [LAUGHING]
[LAUGHTER]
No.
She goes, well, gee, you
really need to Egypt.
She says, if you ever want
to go, just let me know.
I'll pay for everything.
I'll just totally pay for
the whole trip for you.
And I kept my mouth real
closed, and I said, OK.
[LAUGHTER]
I didn't say anything.
I knew that I could
not say anything.
And so I went on home
the next morning.
I got home that next evening,
and I set my bags down.
And the first thing I do when I
get off of a plane, I sit down
and I center from all
the stuff and everything.
And I sit down and
meditate for a little bit.
And I open my eyes, and
Thoth is sitting in my bed.
None of this stuff,
no things, no nothing.
He's just sitting in my bed.
He's got my number now.
[LAUGHTER]
And he immediately goes
right to the point,
doesn't say hello or anything.
He goes-- he got
better after, though.
After a few years he got better.
He says, that's how
you're going to Egypt.
I said, how?
And he said, your sister.
You call her tomorrow
morning, tell her
that you want to go
to Egypt, and you
want to go between
January 10 and January 19,
which is-- we're
talking about this
is like toward the
end of November,
so we're talking about
five, six weeks away.
And so when he said that,
it made perfect sense.
And I said, oh, OK.
And then he leaves.
And then after he left,
I started thinking.
And the more I
started thinking, I
started feeling
funnier and funnier,
because I know what my sister
meant when she told me this.
She didn't mean that she would
take me in five or six weeks.
She meant someday
down the line, someday
she would take me to Egypt.
And he told me to call first
thing in the morning, so
that next morning when I woke
up, I was sitting with my hand
on the phone for
like a half an hour.
I couldn't lift it
up off the cradle
because I felt like I
was really opposing here.
But at the same
time, I knew I had
to do what the higher
guidance was telling me to do.
But I finally got the guts, you
gotta do it, you gotta do it.
All right.
I lifted the phone
up, dialed the number,
and I told her-- she
got on the phone.
I says real quickly,
well, remember
you said you would
take me to Egypt?
And she goes, yeah, yeah.
I said, well, I'd really like
to go right away to-- January 10
through January 19.
And she goes,
well-- [LAUGHING] I
don't think that we can do that.
She says, as far
as I can remember--
she traveled so
much she eventually
bought a travel agency.
And they have stuff-- she
had the largest travel
agency in California.
I think it was 22 people
that just booked flights
all the time and which
was also booking hers.
She would take groups
around the world.
That's how she
made her own money.
And she goes, I don't think I
can do that until-- she said,
I think I'm booked all the way
through September of next year,
1984.
She says, I don't
think I can do that.
She says, but I'll
call you back when
I get-- I had
called her at home,
and she says, I'll call you
when I get to the office
and I'll look, but, she says,
I don't think I can do that.
That's how she left it.
She says, but I'll take
you in October, November.
Later this year we can go.
I said, well, OK.
And she left.
And so it looked like
it wasn't gonna happen.
About an hour or two later,
she calls me back up.
And she goes, well, I'm not
only booked through September,
I'm now booked all the
way through October 1984,
every single day, she
says, except for January 10
through January 19.
[LAUGHTER]
She says, when I
looked in the book,
it was solid mass
things on either side,
and those days were blank.
She says, not even one
word written in them.
She says something like,
I think you've really
tuned into something here.
We're really
supposed to do this.
[LAUGHTER]
And I said, yeah,
I think we are.
[LAUGHTER]
And then she calls up TWA.
She used to bring the ARE
groups over there, anywhere
from 100 to 700 people at a
time over to Egypt all the time.
And so when she called them up
for the tickets to go to Egypt,
she knew the guy that
was booking the tickets.
And she says, I
want a ticket for me
and my brother to go Egypt.
He goes, you and your brother?
He says, well, you've brought
so many people over there
we'll just give it
to you for free.
So TWA flew both of us over
there and back for nothing.
Even TWA was on our side.
And so we then began to prepare.
I don't remember if this
was the exact order or not,
but Thoth came in and said that
I had to go through a training
and that he would help me.
And he spent a couple weeks or
more with me, a lot each day.
He gave me an itinerary
of where I had to go.
I had to start at
Luxor Temple of Man
and then go to the Temple
of Dreams, like I told you.
And then from there, there
was a whole itinerary
of places running all the
way up the Nile into Saqqara.
And then finally at
the very last place
was into that little
room or that tunnel
underneath in the Great Pyramid.
And he told me that I had to
go in precisely that order,
that if it was even one
deviation or one change, just
to go home, forget it.
It's all over, everything.
The whole thing's over with.
And then he said I
had to do a training.
I did two basic trainings.
The first one,
which was ongoing,
which took a long time, was for
each one of these itineraries
in each one of
these temples, I had
to go to a certain place in
each one of these temples,
and I had to repeat certain
Atlantean sounds and words
and paragraphs.
And so I had to learn
how to speak Atlantean.
And it was hard.
And so he would give me a
sound or a series of words
that I'd have to
say, and I'd have
to keep repeating them over and
over and over until I got them
just the way that he
wanted me to say them.
And then I would write them
out phonetically on paper
so I could try to remember.
Then when he would
come back in, he
would have me keep
repeating them.
I had to get them just right.
Sometimes they sounded
exactly what he was saying,
but it wasn't good
enough for him.
It had to be just right.
So that was one of the
things that kept going.
And then the other one told
me what I just told you,
that where I was going into
was a fourth-dimensional space
connected to the Halls of
Amenti and that I couldn't
have any fears, that I
could get hurt in this place
if I had any fears.
And so he gave me a training.
He said I would do
find on the fears,
but he gave me a training, which
is talked about in the Emerald
Tablets, but it's another
thing about talking about
than actually doing
it and everything,
which is you make these-- they
can either be blue or gold.
But you make these psychic
blue rings around you.
And you can do them either
in one or in sets of three,
I think it was.
They're like neon
lights around your body.
Let me explain something.
If you experience fear, you
move these rings up and down
your body from foot to head.
You do it in such a
way it will tell you
if it's a real fear
that you're experiencing
or if it's paranoia, number one.
And if it is real
fear, then there
is a certain rhythm
of the rings that
will eliminate the fear so
you can deal with the problem.
And if it's paranoia,
there's another rhythm
of the rings that will
just make the fear go away
so you can keep going on.
And so that was
part of my training.
And so while I was
doing all of that,
I'm still going
through all of this.
At one point, I realized
that my Emerald Tablets
had a couple missing pages.
[LAUGHING] Because this
was an old, beat-up copy.
And in my mind, I was wishing
I had a full set of them.
And I was also in my mind-- I
didn't express this to anyone,
but in my mind, I was
wishing that I also
had a set for my sister.
And something I haven't
told you, in the meantime
I had a friend.
His name was Sananda Ra, who
found out I was going to Egypt
and said he wanted
to come with me.
And I asked, and they said yes.
And so he was allowed to go.
And then he came back and said
he wanted to bring his brother.
So I asked.
And his brother came with him.
Then he said he had a girlfriend
that he wanted to come.
[LAUGHING] So I asked.
And she could come, too.
So we ended up being
five of us all together.
It was myself, my sister,
Sananda, his name was Jake,
and this woman, who was a
follower of Yogi Bhajan, who
was a Sikh who at that time
was somebody Singh-- I can't
remember-- but later
changed her name
and became known
as Katrina Raphael.
And that was before
she was Katrina.
And so I was also wishing
that I had-- by this time
I knew those three
were coming, and I
was wishing that
I had another book
to give to them so that they
could think about it, too.
I was wanting three books.
And also in all this,
the angels came,
and the angels were coming
in and out all the time
through this whole thing.
And at one point,
they came in, and they
said you're about to go
on a trip for three days.
Pack.
And then they left.
They didn't tell me
where I was going.
And this was December.
So I went through a
lot, I'll tell you.
I was thinking,
well-- [LAUGHING]
Have you ever tried to pack
for anywhere in the world?
[LAUGHTER]
I didn't know.
So I packed this
bag with everything
from shorts to down jackets to
everything you could think of.
And I had it all
crammed into this thing,
every conceivable
thing I could think of,
enough for three days, and
then sat around and wondered
where I was going.
And a very short
time later-- I don't
remember what it was, two or
three days later-- Sananda
comes up.
He had just bought a
brand new white Jeep.
And he comes up,
pulls up to my house,
and I was sitting there
on the porch, and he says,
I just got another job
down in Tuscon, Arizona,
and I gotta go down
there for three days.
He says, would you want to come?
I knew it was the thing.
[LAUGHTER]
And I said, yeah.
So I just picked up this
bag and put it into his car.
[LAUGHTER]
[INAUDIBLE]
So we went over to his house
and packed his clothes.
[LAUGHTER]
Went to Tuscon.
And what happened on that trip
was truly an incredible story.
I can't tell you the story.
It's too long.
Is beautiful.
It's amazing.
It's an absolutely
amazing story.
And we went into the
fourth dimension on Earth
for a little over three days.
And it was one
miracle after another.
I've never seen
anything like it.
Well, maybe I have, but
it had been a long time.
But in those three days, we
went to this person's house,
and in a very short
period of time-- ha, ha,
I just remembered part of that.
>>Tell us.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, just this woman who
appeared in the room-- she's
a real woman.
I watched her appear
right in the room,
holding these owl feathers.
And she gave me the-- this
is not part of the story.
And she gave me the
two wings of this owl.
And when we were
leaving and coming out--
this is right at the
as we were coming back
in the third dimension,
basically-- we
were driving down
the road, and there
was this owl circling right
over our car as we were going.
This is during the
middle of the day.
It's like 11 o'clock.
And then we went just
a little bit further,
and there was this owl
sitting beside the road.
And we stopped and backed up.
It was just sitting there
, only it had just died.
It was still warm.
And I looked at this owl,
and I took the feathers out,
the wings out, and
it was identical.
It was absolutely identical.
It was the same one.
And the bird told me to
take its wings and its feet
and to put it into the
bushes, which I did.
And the spirit of the owl
came to me at that point.
That was one of the birds
that was one of my power birds
that was with me.
And after that, every
mile for five more miles,
there was one of
the owls circling
over us leading us out.
And every time we went
under one of these owls,
I could feel us coming back,
coming back, and coming back.
And by the time we got
past the seventh owl,
we were just driving down
a car on the road again.
It was all over.
But I can't tell you
the rest of the story,
because it was too much.
But birds have been very,
very close to me all my life.
The hummingbird, which has
been carefully helping me
with this work
that I'm doing now,
the way the hummingbird came
to me was I was in a building.
And there had been a
little tiny opening
over on one edge of
the building where
there was some construction.
They were only about this big.
And when I came
in the room, there
had been a hummingbird in
the room that was flying,
darting all over.
And it kept hitting the
windows and going around.
And I just stood very
still in the room
and waited until it finally
landed on the ledge.
And then I went over to it
when it about three feet away.
And in my mind, I told
it everything was OK.
And I just held my
finger up and said,
if you'll come over and land on
my finger, I'll take you out.
And the bird turned around,
and he looked at me,
and it just flew over
and landed on my finger.
And then I walked about 30 feet
over to where the little hall
was, and I let it go.
And the next morning when
I came in to my desk, which
was over there, the little bird
was laying on my desk, dead.
I don't know if you understand.
See, the bird's death
is nothing to birds.
It's nothing.
They can get out real easy.
And that was the bird's way
of telling me thank you.
And it made this really powerful
connection with me also.
But there are several.
There's the
red-tailed hawk also,
which was-- and the
crow and the eagle.
They've all helped
me a lot in all.
But I've got to get
back to the story.
While we were there, I went
to this person's house.
And somehow-- I don't
remember the conversation--
but the Emerald
Tablets were mentioned.
And I said to the person,
you know about them?
And he was kind of bragging.
He said, oh, yeah.
I know about them.
I even though the person who
released them to the world.
And I said, really?
And he says, yeah.
He says, would you
like to meet her?
And that was too much, you know?
Yeah.
And he says, let me call her up.
So he gets on the phone,
and he calls her up,
and her name is Angelique.
And he says, can they come over?
And she says,
absolutely, right now.
Come right now, she says.
So I hung up the phone.
We go get in his
brand new white Jeep,
and we drive over to
this old Victorian house.
And we walk into this house, and
there's this huge living room.
You know how some of
these old Victorian houses
have these big old living rooms.
And it was a little dark,
and there was plants
all over the place.
And this woman was
sitting at the far end
of this room, way at the end.
It's like 30 feet on the
other side of the room
over in this room in this chair
facing the door as we came in.
And she was about maybe 35 or
36 or 37 or something like that.
And she motions for
us to come over.
So I'm walking over across.
I get about halfway over
there, and scolds me.
She goes, I've been waiting
for you for six months!
[LAUGHTER]
I go, but I just got here.
And so I just keep walking up.
And she's got a little
table sitting over here.
And sitting on the
table are three copies
of the Emerald Tablets.
And she reaches over and says,
here, and hands them to me.
And here I'm sitting
with three copies.
I'm thinking, that's just
what I need. [LAUGHING]
And she goes, you were
supposed to have been here
a long time ago.
And I said, well, I
just found out about you
just a little while ago.
And there was an
angel that has led her
through all this who told
her six months earlier that I
was coming.
I guess the angel
didn't say clearly when.
[LAUGHTER]
And she had been expecting
me all this time.
And she said that the
angel had told her
that I could ask
her any questions
that I wanted to know
about the Emerald Tablets
that she could answer.
And so I asked all these
questions, all kinds of things
that I wanted to
know about them.
And she just fired the
answers right away.
And she said this one--
one of my questions
toward the end of
the whole thing, I
said, how did you get these?
How did they come to you?
And she told me
this story, which
would make a great movie,
Indiana Jones type movie
She said-- and I'm going
to not tell all the details
because I've got a lot to
go on this other story.
I'm going to go
pretty quick on it.
She said that there was this
couple, this married couple
from LA, went to the Yucatan.
And they were looking at the
temples and pyramids and things
in the Yucatan.
And they got separated,
and the female
got lost in the Yucatan jungle.
And the male made it back,
but the female didn't.
And so she went walking through
this juggle all day long
and got lost and then happen
to spend the night there out
in the middle of nowhere
and went another whole day
and spent another night
and went another whole day.
It was three nights.
So it must have been
on the fourth day
that she finally got up under
like this little hill, where
she could see around.
And as she did, she could
look down into this valley
and see this Mayan village.
They made these kind of--
I don't know if it's Adobe
or what that is.
I'm not sure what that is.
I've seen these
buildings myself.
But anyway, they have grass,
thatched roofs on them.
And there was a trail
that led down to it.
She could see where the
trail led down to it.
And so she said, ah,
civilization, somebody, people.
And she started to
walk down there.
I think I have this right now.
The first thing she did, she
stepped with her right foot.
I think I'm correct in this.
She took her right
foot and started
to take a step to
go down the trail,
and a snake went
from left to right,
right underneath her foot.
And she obviously pulled
her foot right back.
And she started to
take another step,
and another snake
went from right
to left underneath her food,
and she pulled it back.
And she started to
take another step,
and another snake went
from left to right,
right underneath her foot.
And she pulled it back, and
as she went back like this,
this huge butterfly
flapped in her face.
And I guess the combination
of these three snakes
and this butterfly freaked
her out, which is probably
would a few people.
And she just started
screaming and running down
this trail all the way down
into this village, running right
into the village, right
into the grass hut,
and right into the arms of
the chief of the village,
who happen to be standing there.
[LAUGHTER]
And there were some
older men sitting around
inside this darkened little hut.
And he looks at her and calms
her down and everything.
She was kind of hysterical.
And he calms her down,
and he says to her--
they spoke in Spanish.
It was the common
language that they had.
And says to her, what's wrong?
Why are you all excited?
What scared you?
And she starts describing
these three stakes
and this big butterfly up
there that freaked her out.
And when she described how they
went back this way and this way
and this way and all this
stuff and the butterfly that
went like that, all
the men stood up.
And they came and they
circled around her.
Because you see, when
the Emerald Tablets
were placed in the
hands of Mayan Indians
by Thoth a long, long,
long time ago-- no,
that's not exactly correct.
The Emerald Tablets
were brought there
by Thoth a long, long, long time
ago and given to this tribe.
Doreal in 1925, which was
part of the White Brotherhood,
was directed to go there
to interpret the Emerald
Tablets so that someday
we would read them.
In his instructions, he
interpreted the Emerald
Tablets.
At that point, ten of them went
back to the Halls of Amenti
and two of them stayed there.
And the interpretation,
once it was written down,
was then given to a very
young couple in New York City.
And they were told to keep
this copy of this book
and to never give it to anyone,
to never let anyone copy it,
to never let anyone
take photographs of it
or any kind of thing
like that and to keep it
for the rest of their life.
That was their instructions.
Meanwhile, Doreal gives to this
Indian tribe a piece of paper.
And on the piece of paper is
the address of this couple.
And then Doreal tells
them that someday there
would be this white woman that
would be known by the three
snakes and the butterfly.
And when they saw her,
they were to take her
and to bring her to this cave,
which they did. [LAUGHING]
And to bring her in there,
and there was this ceremony
that she was to go through,
which would take 30 days.
And she had no food for
30 days, only water.
And whatever this ceremony
was and the whole experience
of being in the
jungle for four days
and the snakes and
the whole thing,
she wasn't quite the same
person after she got done.
And it awakened her to her
purpose, whatever that was,
real quickly.
And when they were
done with her,
they gave her this
little piece of paper
and told her to go there and get
this interpretation-- she knew
what it was by then-- to
get this interpretation
from these people in
any way that she could.
So they had the job of making
sure that no one got it,
and she had the job to make
sure that she got it away.
But they had been keeping
this since 1925 or '26 or '27
or something like that.
They had had this
thing over there
all the way up
until about 1980--
I guess it was about
six years before that,
so we're talking about
1978 or something
like that when this took place.
It was a long time.
So these were probably
pretty old people
by the time she was there.
Anyway, she took a
little piece of paper,
and they told her
how to get out.
And she went back to LA.
And she broke the relationship
off with her husband.
I don't know what
that was about.
And then she went to New York.
And when she got
to New York, she
went straight to the
address, and she was still,
as Angelique tried to describe
this, kind of jungle-fied,
not so clean and everything,
and went to this apartment.
And they just took one look
at her and slammed the door
and locked it, wouldn't
even let her in.
[LAUGHTER]
And she went back out and
realized the situation.
So she went back to wherever
she was, and she cleaned up,
and she bought some clothes and
changed the whole appearance
and went back.
Those people did not even
know it was the same person,
didn't even have any idea.
They thought it was
somebody totally different.
And so she was so nice
looking, they let her in.
[LAUGHTER]
And they start talking,
and she started
saying that she knew that
there was this interpretation
and if she could see it.
Well, it was OK
for them to see it.
It just could never
leave the apartment.
So they let her see this thing.
But she couldn't
copy it or photograph
it or anything, other
kinds of things like this.
So she was looking
at it and seeing
the whole thing like that.
And then she did something like
ask for some tea or something
else like that.
And when they got up,
anyway, the two of them,
she was sitting
there with the book
and the door was right
there, and they got away
from her a little bit.
She just picked the
book up and-- [POP] ran.
And that's how she got it.
And she got outside and then
was instructed somehow--
and I don't know what
her communication was,
whether it was still with the
are Mayans or higher level.
I don't know was it was.
She was instructed to
go to Globe, Arizona
and then directly to a
very specific address.
And she just went there
and gave it to Angelique.
Angelique knew in advance
that this woman was
coming from her angel
and was waiting there
for her to give it to her.
And then the angels
for a long time
told Angelique who could have
it and who couldn't have it.
This is in the very,
very beginning stages.
And then at one
point, the Brotherhood
of the White Temple in Colorado
realized what had happened,
in some way-- I don't hoq--
and then they released it also
at [INAUDIBLE] So
this is the story.
So anyway, I got three copies.
And I went back and I
gave one to my sister
and I gave one to
Sananda and I kept one.
And so we're ready to go.
Everything's all ready.
I learned all my words
and figured out how
to do these thing things.
And I felt ready in my heart
to do this, whatever it was.
And everybody else felt
like they were ready.
I wasn't so sure of Jake.
But everybody else was ready.
But Jake ended up being fine.
He did OK.
And so we took off.
I'll never forget flying
right over the Great Pyramids
as we came in and landing
down on them, landing down
on the airport.
We were greeted by
Ahmed Fakhry, who
was the number one Egyptian
archaeologist in the world
and the number one
Egyptian archaeologist
of the Egyptian government.
He works for the government.
And he got that position
because of his father.
And we didn't have to
go through customs.
He just took us right past all
the lines, went up the thing,
took our books, he
said, stamp them.
They stamp them, he takes
us right straight out
and got in the taxicab.
Nobody even looked at
our bags or nothing.
We just got in there and left.
And he took us straight
home to his house.
And his house is an
apartment building
that is about six stories high.
And it's probably like
an apartment building.
And it's his house.
And it looks directly
into the Sphinx.
It's the closest
building looking straight
into the Sphinx.
And this was a real good
friend of my sister's.
That's why he was
the one that did it.
He was connected with the
ARE and so was my sister.
They became friends
at one point.
Anyway, he gave us a room
there and everything.
And-- oh, I gotta tell you one
thing about this guy's father.
This is kind of
important to know.
This is the kind of
information that Egypt will not
tell you about.
Egypt holds most of this
information very secret.
And when things happen,
you're not going to hear it.
I know so many things
that go on over there.
You wouldn't believe some of
these things that are going on,
and yet they're
really happening,
and they're not
going to tell you.
But this truly happened.
There's absolutely no doubt
about what I'm about to say.
Ahmed's father, when he was
12 years old, he had a dream.
He had a dream that there
was a wooden boat that
was 120 feet long.
You know the boat, the celestial
boat that takes the Egyptians
from one world to the next?
There's this long boat, and then
it sat approximately 60 feet
off of the Western
side, I think it
was, of the Great Pyramid
and so many feet down.
He drew a picture of the boat.
And the boat was so authentic
in so many ways, including
even all the hieroglyphics
and everything,
that the government
upon seeing this
decided that they would actually
check to see if there really
was something there.
And so they drilled this
hole, and sure enough,
there's really a
boat down there.
And they go down in there,
and they take the boat out.
The only thing is,
the boat is in pieces.
And so the Egyptian
government tries for two years
to put the boat together
and can't figure it out.
So now the kid is 14 years
old, and he has another dream.
And the dream is the
blueprint of exactly how
to put the boat together.
And so with the
blueprint, the government
takes the blueprint
and the boat,
and all the pieces fit together,
and this beautiful, 120-foot
long wooden boat appears.
Of course, wood won't
keep for very long,
so they had to build
this special room, which
now sits I think off the
southern face, I believe,
of the Great Pyramid.
There's this modernistic room
that's all glass and everything
else like that with
this big boat in it
that sits there right now.
But that's how it got there.
He then told him that there's
another one on the other side.
They drilled a hole.
Sure enough, there was
another one on the other side.
But they didn't
want to build one
of those big, fancy rooms again,
so they filled up the whole
and they just left it there.
At this point, this kid
had a lot of credibility
with the Egyptian government.
And so when he
started telling them
that there was an
underground city
out in the middle of the
desert, they listened to him.
And he took them to a place
that's now called Memphis.
At the time, there
was nothing there
but a few little houses
scattered around.
And he said, there's a
vast, ancient city here
under the ground.
Let me show you where
some of the buildings are.
And he went to this
one spot, and he
drew this detailed photograph
almost of this building.
And he would come
like this, and he
would draw a piece in the sand.
He says, this is the corner
of the building right
where he drew the line.
And they would dig
down there, and that
would be exactly the
corner of that building.
And they would undo the
picture, and the thing
was exactly the same.
The guy was a good psychic, man.
And he would then say, there's
this thing running over there.
And they'd dig it up,
and it would be there.
They'd say, this is over
there, this building is here,
and this is here,
and this is there.
And every time he was never
wrong on anything ever.
He was 100% perfect.
And he unfolded all of Memphis.
He was the one who did it.
And so he began to tell them
all kinds of things about Egypt
all over the place.
And he knows where
everything is, things
that we don't know about yet.
And he's told me certain
things that I know are there
and I can't talk about it.
But what you see above
ground is only part
of what's really there.
There's a lot more there.
And just for another
example-- and these
are only ones that I
can really talk about,
but they're all documented.
This is all documented stuff.
The middle pyramid-- the
Great Pyramid they broke into.
They drilled into it
and they smashed it.
And that's how they got in.
But that's not how they got
into the middle pyramid.
The middle pyramid went to--
his name is Mohamed Fayed.
He's about 85 or 90
years old right now.
He sits around and plays
backgammon all the time
at this point and wears
these long Egyptian robes
and everything.
And they went to him,
and they said, Mohamed,
can we get into the
middle pyramid, please?
[LAUGHING] And he finally
said, yes, I guess so.
And so he sat in
front of the north
face of the middle pyramid.
There are, again, about
2 and 1/2 million blocks
in that pyramid.
The government said
that they would
remove one of them, just one.
So it had to be right on the
first guess, if it's a guess.
And so he sat
cross-legged in front
of the north face of this
pyramid for five hours
and then said, that one.
And they climbed
up about a third
of the way up this pyramid
and pointed to this one
certain block, carefully
removed this one block,
and that was the
doorway into the tunnel.
That's how they got in.
So it was his son
that we were with.
This is why the ARE
likes him so much
because he knows a
lot about his father.
Him and his whole
family know what's
in Egypt and all that stuff.
And so anyway, I get in there,
and Ahmed says to my sister,
well, what do you want to do?
Where do you want to go?
He would you take her anywhere,
whatever she wanted to do.
He can get her in anywhere.
And he says, whatever
you want to do.
And she says, well, whatever--
my name was Akbar then.
And she says, well
whenever Akbar wants to do.
I was involved in Sufi
work for many, many years,
about 11 years.
And so he says, OK, well,
what do you want to do?
And so I hand him the itinerary
that I had written down of all
the places that I need to go.
And he [INAUDIBLE] like this.
This would have been
on January-- we came in
on January 10, I think it was.
So this would have been on
the evening of January 10.
This is when we first arrived.
And so I have him the thing.
I said, well, this
is what I'd like to.
And he says, OK.
And he looks at the whole thing.
He thinks about
for a little bit.
And he comes back and he
goes, this is not very good.
This won't work real well.
He says, you're only going
to be here for nine days
or whatever it is,
which isn't very long.
And I mean, he's
being really nice.
He's trying to convince
me to do something
else other than that itinerary.
And he says that
we couldn't leave
for-- if you want
to start in Luxor,
we couldn't leave in Luxor
until tomorrow evening
because the train doesn't
leave until 6 o'clock.
There's a French train
that goes down there--
and it's a French-made
train-- at 6 o'clock.
And it's the only way to
get down there right now.
And so that we don't just
sit around all day long,
he says, why don't we go to
the Sphynx tomorrow morning.
And I'll take you
to Saqqara, and we
can go to the Great Pyramid
and all these things
because it's right here.
And then tomorrow at 6 o'clock,
we'll go down to Luxor.
And I knew that if I did that,
I might as well go home, right?
And so I tried to convince him
that I didn't want to do this,
that I really wanted to
start exactly by that thing.
But he wouldn't listen.
He just says, no, no, no.
This is much better.
Just listen to me.
I know what I'm
doing. [LAUGHING]
And he just kept pushing
it and kept pushing it.
And then I mean, we only
went around and around
for about 10 minutes,
and I realized
he wasn't going to give up
easy, that was for sure.
And though I've been involved
in Sufi work for a long time,
my inner belief is much more
closely associated with Taoism
than anything else.
And I did not believe
that force should
be necessary for
something of this nature.
And so I surrendered
to it and I said OK.
Because if it was
supposed to happen,
it would happen without me
having to get the guy down
on the ground, saying, no, we're
gonna go to Luxor, you know?
[LAUGHTER]
And so I said, OK,
we'll go there tomorrow.
And so he wanted
to go there I think
it was 7:00 or 7:30 or something
like that in the morning
the next morning.
He wanted to take us
straight-- he knew that we
wanted to go into this tunnel.
And he says, I'll
get you in there.
We'll take you there first
thing tomorrow morning.
You can do that first, which is
supposed to be the last thing.
You do that first,
and then we'll
do some of these other things.
And he went in there that
evening and got a document.
He had to get some
kind of document
to get in there
because it's illegal.
I mean, most people you
just pay-- in Egypt,
you just pay people off, and
they just look the other way.
But he couldn't do
that because of who
he was in the government.
But at the same time, he just
got this little document that
said that we could go in there.
And so the next morning at
7:00 or 7:30, we're all ready.
I have my little backpack
with a little coat
because it's cold
in these places.
It stays 56 degrees year
in, year out, no matter
what's going on outside.
It's cool in those things.
And I had a lite bit of water.
And Thoth didn't want
me to use flashlights
once I got in there.
So I had a candle with me
and these kinds of things.
And I had my little words
to say all the stuff
that I didn't know what
good they were going to do,
if I was going to
start out first.
And I had everything I needed,
but I was thinking, oh, boy.
And so he says, you ready?
And he opens the door,
Katrina walks out
and Sananda and my
sister and Jake.
And he's begging
for me to come out.
And you guys who have seen
that other video probably
think that all I do is get sick
when I go around the world,
but these were
the only two times
that I ever travel that
I ever have done this.
It's always been in Egypt.
That's why I never
want to go back there.
[LAUGHTER]
But what happened to me is
I started to take a step,
and this wave of
energy came over me.
I was totally healthy,
totally normal.
And I started to take
a step, and this wave
came over me, like real weird.
And t started to go again,
another one and then
another one and another one.
It just went, wham
and then wham and wham
and then wham, wham, wham, wham.
In just minutes, like
two minutes or less.
I was on the ground dying.
And I was just dying.
So I was dying.
I was starting to
go unconscious.
I was throwing up, everything.
I was just like
totally losing it.
And they came in
there to get me,
and they have to carry me
into my bedroom where I was.
And I remember I just
barely crawled in.
I just barely made it into
the toilet to throw up again.
And then I almost started
getting paralyzed.
And they laid me down on the
bed, and I got to the place
where after a while I
could barely open my eyes.
I couldn't move my
fingers or anything.
And I was getting weaker
and weaker and weaker.
And I was going,
this is serious.
[LAUGHTER]
I've got a problem here.
And so I decided
that I was going
to try to do the
meditation, which I knew--
my feeling was if I could
just get this flow going,
I'll be fine.
And that was when I realized,
too late, of course,
that I didn't know how to do the
meditation laying on my side.
I'd always done it in
this perfect position.
And I couldn't make my fingers
do the mudras or anything else
like that.
And I tried for a
little while, and I just
couldn't get the flow going.
Nothing could seem to happen.
Then I just got
sicker and sicker
until finally I just-- I
think I went out for a while.
I don't know how long it was.
But about something like 3
o'clock in the afternoon or so
or something like that,
I kind of came back in.
And I realized I
really needed help.
And so I got
Katrina and Sananda.
I could still kind
of talk sort of.
And I them in there.
And I said, you
guys gotta help me.
You gotta get me sat up.
And they said, well, what do
you want to get sat up for?
Just sit me up, will you?
And got me up in
position, put my hands
over here and everything
else like that,
and I get oriented to the
fields and everything like that.
And I begin doing the breathing,
very, very weakly at first
and then started getting
stronger and stronger
until I get the flows going.
And after a little while, I was
OK and I could start doing it
and I started getting
stronger, and I
started getting the flow
stronger and stronger
through me.
And within 45 minutes
or so like that,
I was walking around the room.
And I was still a little dizzy.
Why, within an hour
or so afterwards, I
was feeling pretty good.
I felt like-- you
ever had the flu
and then when you're
over it, you kind of feel
like you're not quite here yet.
There was a part of me
that it wasn't quite there,
but I was pretty good.
And Ahmed walks in.
This was maybe 4:30 or
something when he walks in.
And he comes in
and he looks at me.
He'd been gone.
He comes in and looks at me.
He goes, oh, you're better.
He says, oh, you're
looking pretty good.
And I go, well, I'm feeling OK.
I'm feeling OK now.
He looks at his watch
and he looks at me.
He goes, do you
think you can travel?
And I said, well, travel?
I said, yeah, I guess I
can travel if I have to.
He says, well, the French train
leaves in an hour and a half,
and if you want, we can go back
and do this itinerary, what
you wanted to do.
He says, it leaves in
an hour and a half.
I guess if you can
get on that train,
you can go to sleep once
you're on the train.
It's a long way down there.
And so we got on that train
and started heading for Luxor.
And as I'm heading down on that
train, I'm saying to myself,
did I make myself sick
just so this would happen?
And then I was really
wondering if it was me
or if it was Thoth.
And those were the thoughts
that were going through my mind.
But by the time I got to
Luxor, I was pretty good.
I was pretty fine.
And it all began.
And we started moving through
all the different temples, one
after another, exactly,
saying all the words.
Everything was just click,
click, click, click.
And it was just amazing that
everything we wanted to do,
it was just open and
we would be there.
And finally we went through
all the various steps,
just like it perfectly.
And as it turned out,
on January 18, which
happened to be my birthday,
of this body anyway,
was the day that we went
into the Great Pyramid
to be initiated.
It wasn't planned.
It just-- that's
the way it happened.
And so early in the
morning, again, we
got our little packs ready
and all this other stuff
all over again.
And we went to the pyramid.
And he stopped the
flow of the people that
were kind of-- he made
them stop, and he you
put two guides, one way
and one way the other way
and made them stop.
He didn't want anybody to
see that I was going down
in that room.
18,000 people a day walk
to the Great Pyramid.
And so they stopped the
flow of ants on either side
and opened the gates.
He said he wanted us to
synchronize our watches.
He says, you have
one hour and a half.
We will open the gate in an
hour and a half for 60 seconds.
You better be here.
[LAUGHING] Yes, sir.
Then we put our little alarms on
and everything else like that,
and he closes the
gate, locks them up.
He wanted us to get
down out of the way.
And we got down out of the way
so no one could see anything,
started the flow again.
And he left.
He wouldn't go down
in there with us.
He says, you're crazy.
He says , no way.
I'm not going in
there for anything.
And we were then confronted
with the sloping tunnel.
The tunnel slopes at
23 and 1/2 degrees,
which happens to be the
angle the Earth is sloped at,
of course.
And we had to move at this 23
and 1/2 degree sloped tunnel,
which is a square tunnel about
this wide and about that high.
It's about like that at an
angle, 23 and 1/2 degrees,
which is pretty sharp.
It's like that's 45 degrees.
So it's about like that.
The only thing is, is the angle
is just such that-- I mean,
we sat there for
five minutes trying
to figure out how we were
going to get down this tunnel.
Has anybody been
down that tunnel?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>You went into the pit?
But no one?
You've been
[INAUDIBLE], you have?
How did you get down the tunnel?
[LAUGHING] Did you just crawl?
Or what did you do?
Slide?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>You crawled.
I though we were
going to crack up
laughing because we
couldn't figure it out.
It was like-- because
you can't walk
and sliding-- it's
300-- I forgot
how-- I think it's 300 feet
down here or something.
It's like a long ways.
And Sonanda suggested
rolling down.
[LAUGHTER]
He would.
And we finally had to
take our backpacks off.
We walked like a duck.
That was what we ended up doing.
And I'll tell you, when
I got out of there,
I couldn't hardly walk.
I used muscles I
didn't even know I had.
And so we walked like a
duck and went down there.
And I was the last one
going down this whole thing.
And I was so intrigued
with this whole thing
that I had completely
forgotten everything.
I was just like this,
just looking around.
And I wasn't even thinking
about why I was going down there
or nothing.
I was just so intrigued
with this whole thing.
And I start walking down there.
And we went down there, I
don't know, a certain distance.
I really don't know
when this began.
We got down a certain distance.
And all of a sudden,
I felt a very
definite vibrational
change in the room.
It was a weird, very
strange sensation.
There's a vibration that moves
through the Great Pyramid.
It's a vibration that is so
strong that it's almost--
you can almost hear it.
Maybe you can hear it.
And it's a sound.
Like when you touch
the stone or anything.
The sound is this.
It's a--
[IMITATES VIBRATION]
It just keeps
going on like that.
It's not like ohm.
It's like a very
stones are vibrating.
It just never seems to quit.
However, when I
was going down it,
the vibration at this
one point suddenly
went from [IMITATES VIBRATION]
to [IMITATES VIBRATION],
like dropped an
octave just like that.
And it made me stop.
And I had a shiver up my spine.
And I got goosebumps all
over, which I just did.
[LAUGHTER]
And I looked around.
I stopped.
I just stopped.
I didn't go one inch further.
And I looked around.
And over on both sides of
right where I was sitting
were these two red squares that
were embossed into the stone
or set into the stone.
They were made out of
some kind of stone.
They were about that size.
They were with
little opening inside
and a little thing like that.
And there was one
on the other side.
And I felt fear.
I suddenly felt
afraid to go further.
And I never-- nothing,
nothing bothers me usually,
I mean, really just nothing.
I've done things that are crazy.
And here I'm suddenly feeling
fear to go into a tunnel.
And I started
walking down further.
And I go down about
another 20, 30 feet.
The sound was
[IMITATES VIBRATION]
down lower.
And I look over, and here's
two more of these things
on either side of me.
And there's spaced at certain
distances going all the way
down here.
And I completely, totally
forget anything that he told me
and all the training that
he gave me about fear.
He might as well not
even have done it.
I didn't remember.
I didn't remember
about the rings.
I didn't remember checking
to see if it's paranoia
or what's going on,
anything like that.
I just felt this fear.
And every time I go
through these rings,
I kept feeling more fear.
And so about the second or third
ring, which were only maybe
a quarter of the way
down this whole thing,
I start this conversation that
starts going off in my head.
Oh, I'm not afraid of anything.
[LAUGHTER]
You're not afraid, Drunvalo.
It's OK.
And my head sort of
became polarized.
And there's those little voices.
I'm saying, you're not
afraid of anything.
And this other little voice
says, oh, yes, you are.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm going-- no, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
And I go, well,
what am I afraid of?
And this things says,
you're afraid of spiders.
And I go, yeah, a little bit.
[LAUGHTER]
And then it says, what
about poisonous snakes?
And I'm going, yeah.
[LAUGHING]
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, that's one.
And I couldn't believe it.
It was like it's so
unlike me to do this.
And I'm going through
this whole thing
with myself going down there.
And the sound is
[IMITATES VIBRATION],
lower and lower and lower.
I got down to the
bottom of this thing,
and I was just a
bundle of nerves, man.
I was just like-- I
was looking for snakes
everywhere and everything.
[LAUGHTER]
And it turns and
makes a 90-degree turn
and goes through a little
chamber, which interestingly
enough is not on
anything I've ever seen,
none of the diagrams of any
of the pyramids anywhere,
even in the main Rosicrucian
temple in San Jose,
the main temple there.
It's got an exact replica
of the whole thing.
This room is not there.
It's a little,
tiny room that you
go into before you go
into the main room.
You come down this long
thing, and you make a room,
and there's just this
little tiny room like that
before you get into this
main, bigger room over here.
And then you come into
this very unusual room.
It's a completely,
totally, female room.
There's not a
straight line in it.
All the rest of the rooms
in the Great Pyramid
are perfectionist
and all this stuff.
This room looks
kind of like this.
It kind of comes up like
this then slopes down.
And there's all these
funny things over here.
And then in the
middle of here is
the well, which the
Egyptians built.
That's kind of a
little big, I guess.
Like that.
And then this is perfect.
And it's all lined
in stones perfectly
and everything else like that.
They do that.
But the rest of this
room was not done.
And it was just all this
kind of-- I don't what
all these shapes were and
weird things over here.
But it was just this
weird-shaped kind
of room, almost looked
like a cave in a way.
And then over here in
also an illogical place
over this far corner, you
entered into from this side
about right here.
And then over in
the far corner over
there was the tunnel we
were supposed to take.
Only this time, it
was really little.
It was only about that
wide and that high.
>>How many feet high?
>>Maybe that high.
Maybe about that high
and about that wide.
And it went back into the solid
earth about 75 or 100 feet.
And it was lined with
crystals on three sides,
little tiny [INAUDIBLE]
quartz crystals on three sides
and silica sand on the bottom.
And when you shined
a flashlight into it,
the light spiraled inside.
It was beautiful.
It was absolutely beautiful.
I mean, I remember sitting
there thinking it was
like the last thing I expected.
It really got me.
Because I really expected
some kind of tunnel.
I did not expect a crystal
tunnel to be in there at all.
It just did not occur to me.
No one ever said
anything about it.
It just never occurred to me.
And so we all looked inside.
So the other thing is that
the light was absorbed.
It would only got about 10 feet,
and I don't care how bright
the light you got, it just
wouldn't go any further.
I don't know why.
The little crystals
or something were
absorbing it or reflecting it.
I don't know.
But shine a light
in there and it just
would be black beyond there.
And so we all looked inside
his tunnel, and each one of us
looked inside the tunnel.
And then they all looked
at me. [LAUGHING] You go.
You got us down in here, and
you go in that thing first.
I don't think they really
wanted to do it. [LAUGHING]
But we did it.
But I remember
crawling in this thing.
I had to take my backpack off
and carry it in front of me
because it wouldn't
even-- it was too low.
I had to crawl in this thing.
So I'm crawling down this tunnel
and crawling down this tunnel
with my light on here, trying
to see where I was going,
looking for snakes and
spiders and things like this.
And it just kept
getting stronger in me.
And once I started in there, I
just get stronger and stronger,
completely forgetting
my training totally,
looking, hoping
there was no snakes.
And these guys are
right behind me.
And we get all the way
down after crawling.
100 feet in a little tunnel
like that is a long ways.
It feels like you've just
taken a highway for-- I mean,
it feels like we crawled
way, way, way, way
way into this thing.
And we got down there.
I finally got to the place
where I could see the end.
And I remember the relief.
I'm like, ah, there's no snakes,
all good, nothing in here.
And I remember I
put my pack down,
I got right up to
the back of it,
and it looks like whoever dug
this tunnel just was digging
a tunnel and decided to quit.
You can still see where it
had just stopped, the digging.
The quartz were in here,
but not on the back part.
It just was dirt.
And I put my pack down.
I lit a candle.
And I started to--
we're crouched down
in this little
thing, like you're
squeezed in this little thing.
And then I look
right ahead of me,
and here's this little hole
that goes into the back tunnel.
It looks just like a snake hole.
Just a little
whole in the earth.
I shined my little
light in there
to see if there's any
eyes looking back.
[LAUGHTER]
And the hole kind
of curves away.
And there's nothing in here.
And oh, man.
[LAUGHTER]
And if the hole hadn't have
been there, I'd have been OK.
But there's this hole.
And so I realized at
that moment that there's
no way that I can sit like
this inside of that tunnel.
I mean, the tunnel would go
right through the top my head.
And I'm sitting there going,
what am I going to do now?
And so I asked Thoth,
what am I going to do?
He was really right there.
He was just watching
this whole thing.
And I says, what do I do?
He says, lay on your back with
your head toward the thing
so that you can line
up with the shaft.
So I said, OK, which
put that little hole
right behind my head, right?
And so I lay down with my
head toward this hole thing
and just got a feel for it.
What does it feel like?
It feels almost magnetic.
You know when you have a--
you ever had two magnets
and they kind of go, won, won?
That's kind of what
that feeling is.
It's real strong.
And I got approximately
where it was.
I knew right where
it was sort of.
And then I got off center
so I wouldn't be right in it
and took the-- oh, I still
had my flashlight on.
Then I lit the candle,
turned off the flashlight.
He told us to put head to foot,
head to foot, head to foot.
So we all did that all the
way down this whole thing.
And then next thing he wanted me
to do was to get the words out.
So I got the words out.
He wanted me to read
them with force, which
he didn't in the other ones.
The other ones I just
had to read them.
This one he wanted
me to do it, which
was calling on the
seven lords, who
were the original seven in
Annunaki who started our race
to open up the Halls of
Amenti and allow us in.
And so I had to
call them my name.
And so I said this whole thing
and called the seven lords in.
And he then told me to
blow out the candle.
And so I blew out the candle.
And I went through a series of
immediate rapid experiences.
The first one was--
the first thing
that struck me was this was
the darkest place I've ever
seen in my entire life ever.
I mean, I remember taking
my hand and going like this.
And with my eyes wide open,
I couldn't even feel it.
It was like it was
blacker than black.
I don't think that there was
even one photon-- [LAUGHING]
--in our tunnel, considering
what it had to go down
and through and over to
here and down this thing.
And it was just
like I never, ever
expected-- it's like,
wow, man, this is black.
And then the next thing was
I thought, wow, this is just
like being buried alive.
[LAUGHTER]
But I don't have any of
those kind of fears at all.
I kind of dug it, actually.
It felt good.
But I did feel the intense
gravitational field
of this mountain that
was on top of me.
I mean, there was a
lot of weight up there.
I could feel it.
And it felt good.
To me it felt good.
But I thought, boy, if
you're claustrophobic, man,
you're in trouble. [LAUGHING]
Because you can't go this way.
You can't go that way.
You can't go this way.
Yo can't go this way.
And there's people flowing
in the tunnel going that way.
[LAUGHTER]
So those are the initial
things I went through,
which took about 15
seconds or something.
And then I thought,
OK, now I'm ready.
And then I remembered
that little hole.
And my mind switched back to it.
And I could feel my mind going
back to that little hole.
And I'm thinking,
oh, yeah, the snakes.
And I started going through
this whole thing all over again.
And I couldn't stop it.
And it started getting stronger.
And the fear came back again.
Oh. the snakes are
gonna crawl out.
This is just like somebody else.
And I remember what I did, which
it's a good thing it worked,
because I just sort of grabbed
myself by the collar and said,
look, kid--
[LAUGHTER]
--you came how many thousands
of miles across here
to do this whole thing, and
this is really important stuff.
And who cares if
you die, anyway?
And all this other kind
of stuff like that.
And I was just telling myself
all that stuff and saying,
just do it.
Just forget it.
What if you-- it doesn't matter.
And it worked for me.
It's a good thing it did
work, because I believe
that if it had not worked,
I could feel it starting
to happen. and if
it had not worked,
I probably wouldn't
be here today.
But I had just gotten
to the place where
I just got over the top
of the fear and just said,
I don't care if I die.
So what?
Let's go on.
At which point Thoth
comes in and says,
are you ready to go on?
[LAUGHTER]
I said, yes, let's just go.
What do you want me to do?
And he says, OK, get
into the Markaba.
At that time, I was
not in the Markaba
all the time like I am now.
So I had to reconstruct
it each time.
I did something that a few
days earlier I couldn't even
do the simple
breathing patterns.
And without even thinking,
I reconstructed the Markaba
laying on my back.
It didn't even occur to me
that I was laying on my back.
I guess because I
couldn't tell up and down
or anything else anyway hardly.
It was like blackness.
But I did it.
I immediately got
into the Markaba,
the counter-rotating fields
and got into the whole thing.
And then Thoth came in.
And he said, are
you aware that when
you're in the Markaba like
this that there is light
radiating off of your body?
And I knew the instructions,
intellectually, anyway,
and everything.
And I said, yes, I understand.
And he goes, no.
He says, do you
really understand
that there is real light
coming off of your body
when you breathe like this?
And I said, well, I think so.
I think I understand
what you mean.
He says, open your eyes.
So I opened my eyes.
I'm laying on my back
looking up at the tunnel.
I open my eyes, and what had
been absolute black charcoal
before, I could see
the ceiling clearly.
The room was lit up.
The space in the
tunnel was lit up.
And I'm looking at this.
It was not like daylight.
It wasn't even this bright.
It was like a soft moonlight in
kind of whitish-bluish color.
But it was very definite.
I could absolutely
clearly see all around me,
and I could clearly see my
hand and everything else.
I'm looking at this, and
then the thought came.
Oh, no.
Somebody has a light on.
So I looked down the tunnel to
see if someone had a light on.
There's no light on.
Those guys were just--
they were meditating.
They were gone.
There was no light.
And the light was
just around me.
It was not coming from
any particular place.
It was like the air was lit up.
And I looked at this, and
I closed my eyes again,
and there's Thoth again.
And I said, wow,
that's pretty good.
And he told me to open my
eyes again and look at it.
So I did.
Looked around.
It was still there.
I could see.
Checked it out.
Everything was like this.
And so I closed my eyes
again after a little while
[INAUDIBLE].
I remember saying to him,
yeah, OK, I understand.
So I said something
like, I understand now.
And I says, OK, what's next?
And he says to me, isn't
lighting the tunnel enough?
[LAUGHTER]
I said, yeah, OK.
Yeah, yeah, that's enough.
And he says, open your eyes.
Look.
Watch.
Just keep looking.
Remember what you're seeing.
And so for about an
hour, I sat in there,
looking in the tunnel,
closing my eyes,
looking around, closing my eyes
and looking at this glowing,
keep looking around and
doing this kind of stuff
for about an hour.
And finally, I remember I
had my eyes closed and Thoth
was there.
Because I kept going back
and forth and back and forth
and back and forth.
Thoth was just sitting there.
I had my eyes closed,
and the little alarm
went off on the watch,
which we were ready--
because we had set it for
about 10 minutes, I think,
before the time when we were
supposed to be upstairs.
Little beeper went off,
and I clicked it like that.
And I opened my eyes,
expecting it to be light,
and it was pitch
black, just absolutely.
And it was like a shock.
And I went, oh, God,
I'm blinded again.
And there I was, and it
was blacker than ever.
And I had to reach in,
find the flashlight,
and turn it on and use an
ordinary light now to see with.
And we all knew.
They all started stirring.
They knew that little beeping
sound like a-- beep, beep,
beep, beep!
It sounded really loud
in this little tunnel.
And we got out of
there, went upstairs.
When we got upstairs
to the top, we
actually got up there
a minute or two early
and had to wait for
them to open the door.
And then they opened
the door, and my sister
went out to the
right to go outside,
because she'd been in the King's
Chamber a whole lot of times
and didn't want to go in.
She wanted to go back outside.
But the other four
of us wanted to,
and so we went upstairs and
into the King's Chamber.
But it was pretty clear to me
that the experience was over
and that I was now a tourist.
And so we just went up and
looked around at things
and followed all these
people, hundreds of people
in there all around.
And we came back out,
maybe a little while later.
I really don't know when it was.
A half an hour, 45
minutes or an hour later
we came back out of the pyramid.
And I really thought
it was all over with.
I felt like I had
completed whatever
it was that I come there to do.
But when I went outside,
there was a phenomena
outside that I did not expect.
It did not occur to me
that such a thing would be.
When we went in there,
there was just a few people
standing around, a few hundred
people standing around that
were preparing to come in there.
Because we went in really early.
We went in right
when it opened up.
So we were going out
there 7:00, 7:30,
so it would be 8:00, 9:00,
probably 9:30, 10:00,
something like that.
And we go outside,
and there was a sea--
and that's the only
way I can describe
it-- a sea of children.
And I looked at these kids, and
they were almost all children.
There was hardly
any adults anywhere.
It was all kids from
about five years
old-- I carefully
looked at this.
I stood there for a long time.
They were all from about five
years old to about 12 years
old.
And there was a lot of them.
And I can't judge crowds,
but it like thousands
and thousands and thousands.
It was well over 50,000,
60,000 kids or more.
I mean, it was just
like incredible
what was outside this pyramids.
If it was true--
and it was true.
I saw it with my own eyes.
That's why for sure it was true.
Children had rung the
entire pyramid, which
is a big structure, were
sitting there holding hands
while we were in there,
ringing the entire pyramid.
And so I then left there
thinking about that.
And I started going down to the
road that led to Ahmed's house.
I looked over at
the other pyramid.
There was lots and lots
of kids around that one,
and they were
ringing that pyramid.
And I walked around that
one, the middle one,
and they had the
middle one rung.
And they also had the third one.
All three pyramids
were completely
surrounded by children holding
hands, from about five years
old to about 12 years old.
And I went back-- and everybody
went in different directions
from our group.
And I went back all by myself.
I just started
thinking, what is it?
There's meaning of everything.
This is really
important, completely
forgetting everything else.
Even seeing the light in the
tunnel didn't seem important.
This seemed more
important to me.
And I remember walking
back to Ahmed's house,
going up into my bedroom,
and sitting down and asking
the angels to come in.
And they came in,
and I said, what
is this with all these children?
And they said to me,
don't you remember
what we told you 12 years ago?
They do this to me all the time.
And I go, I don't remember.
What do you mean?
And you see, they
asked me-- actually,
before 12 years
ago, they asked me
to have a baby,
which they said would
be the apex of a pyramid-- this
was their words-- of millions
of children that would come
into the world that would be
interdimensional beings
that would help raise
the vibration of the
planet during this time.
And they told me right
after-- his name was Zachary.
They said right after
he was born that he'd
be an absolutely ordinary kid.
You'd never see any
difference at all.
He'd be a normal
child until 13 years
went by, or in other words,
until his-- how do I put this?
It was 12 years-- it
had to be 12 years.
12 years went by.
I think I'm right on this.
Anyway, what it
worked out to, they
had to wait till he
was-- this is '85-- yeah,
until his 13th birthday, right.
12 years had to go by.
It had to be his 13th birthday.
And then, he said, all
these children, which
would be all over the world,
would begin to wake up,
they said.
And I hadn't seen my son for
three years at that time.
And I wasn't really
thinking about Zachary
when I went in there.
And they said, do you remember?
And then I realized then that it
was his birthday on January 10.
Mine was on the 18th, and
his was on the 10th, the day
that we came in.
And they said, it's now
beginning to happen.
The children of the world
will begin to waken.
I remember flying home.
As I was flying home
on the airplane,
flying back, still
thinking about this,
I got this "Omni"
magazine, January 1985.
And it says, "China's
Psychic Children."
And I start reading
this article,
and this is it right here
where you can read it.
This is incredible if you
don't know about this.
China, first there
was this one child.
I don't remember his name.
And this one child discovered
that he could do things
that are supposedly impossible.
And then the government became
aware of this one child.
And then the government began
to discover that these children
were everywhere.
And first they found a few of
them and then hundreds of them
and then thousands of
them and then thousands
upon thousands of them.
And who knows how many
there are in the world?
According to the
angels, there's millions
upon millions upon millions.
And at this moment, almost
all children being born
are of this nature.
We're talking about 99.999999%
of them on the planet.
They're almost all these
highly evolved, very evolved,
interdimensional beings.
And "Omni" magazine, when
they heard about these things,
they went to China.
And they went there
in a scientific vein,
assuming that there was a hoax.
And so China gave
"Omni" I think they
said about a couple hundred of
these children to investigate.
And they did things like they
would take maybe some of them
in the back of the room,
and they would take a book,
and they would flip through
the book and rip out a page,
crumple it up, and stick
it under their arm.
And every one of
these kids could
read every word on
the page every time
without any errors at all, ever.
And they would rip
out another page,
and they can do the same thing.
And they tested them
on every psychic level
they could think of-- you'll
read about it in here--
with no errors at all-- none.
Perfect.
And "Omni" [INAUDIBLE] wow.
Well, these kids are
now popping up all
over Russia, all over
Japan, all over Canada, all
over the United States.
And those are the
primary places,
though they're in
Europe, and they're
coming up all over the world.
And there's a lot of people
that don't know what to do.
They're extraordinary
in all kinds of levels.
According to the
angels, it will be
the children that will
initiate the transformation.
They will be the ones.
They will be the ones that begin
doing the things that we're
trying to do.
And they will be the example
that will lead us out.
It was the same
thing that happened
with the dolphins, the legend
of the golden dolphins.
The dolphins and the
whales, the adults,
couldn't make the
transformation.
And it was the baby
dolphin, the golden dolphin,
that was able to make
the transformation
and lead them out.